# https://developer.ibm.com/technologies/

About Analytics: 
Analytics technology aggregates and analyzes data sets to find meaningful patterns and information that can improve decision-making.
About Artificial intelligence:
Artificial intelligence is the application of machine learning to build systems that simulate human thought processes. It includes several disciplines such as machine learning, knowledge discovery, natural language processing, vision, and human-computer interaction. Generative AI refers to deep-learning models that can generate novel, high-quality text, images, and other content based on the data with which they were trained.
About Blockchain: 
A blockchain is a tamper-evident, shared digital ledger that records transactions in a public or private peer-to-peer network. The blockchain acts as a single source of truth, and members in a blockchain network can view only those transactions that are relevant to them.
About Containers:
A containers architecture enables multiple services to run on the same machine, isolated from each other, in the same way as virtual machines, but with much less overhead.
About Conversational AI:
Conversation is interacting and communicating with with a personal assistant using voice recognition, speech-to-text, or text-to-speech services.
About Data management:
Data management is the practice of collecting, accessing, maintaining, and driving value from data in an agile, secure, and cost-effective manner. Key components of a data management strategy include data governance, processing, security, and storage.
About Data privacy:
Data privacy refers to processing, storing, and transmiting personal and sensitive data in compliance with government and industry regulations.
About Data science:
Data science is the process of using algorithms, methods, and systems to extract knowledge and insights from structured and unstructured data. It can be used to make predictions and decisions using analytics and machine learning.
About Data storage:
Data storage refers to magnetic, optical, or mechanical media that records and preserves digital information for ongoing or future operations. Two foundations of data storage are the form in which data takes (file storage, block storage, or object storage) and the device that the data is recorded and stored on (direct area storage or network-based storage).
About Databases:
Capture, store, analyze, and manage collections of data.
About Deep learning:
Deep learning is the ability of a system to learn from unstructured data. Relying on layers of artificial neural networks, the learning can be supervised or unsupervised.
About Embeddable AI:
Embeddable AI at IBM is a set of flexible, enterprise-grade AI products that you can easily embed in your applications to provide an enhanced user experience through powerful AI models.
About Front-end development:
Developing the visual aspects of a website or application that a user can see and experience.
About Geolocation:
Geolocation is the longitudinal and latitudinal location of a connected device. Using geolocation APIs or services, developers can programmatically obtain the relative position of a device that the user has granted permission for.
About IoT:
The IoT - Internet-of-Things is the connection of devices to the Internet and other connected devices. All of these devices share data about the way they are used and about the environment around them.
About IT Infrastructure:
Manage and support computers, servers, storage systems, operating systems, networking, and more.
About Linux:
The open source operating system that runs the world.
About Machine Learning:
Machine learning is giving systems the ability to learn and improve without them being explicitly programmed.
About Mainframes:
Mainframe computers are reliable, scalable, compatible, and secure.
About Messaging:
With messaging software, developers can build communication into their applications using a variety of message exchange patterns and a range of qualities-of-service.
About Mobile development:
Mobile development means developing applications — mobile apps or web apps — for any kind of mobile device that runs some kind of mobile operating system.
About Natural language processing:
Natural language processing (NLP) is the parsing and semantic interpretation of text, which allows systems to learn, analyze, and understand human language.
About Platform as a service:
Platform as a service (PaaS) is a cloud service model that enables you to focus on developing and managing applications without worrying about the underlying infrastructure. In addition to storage and other computing resources, a service provider also typically offers you access to a suite of prebuilt tools to develop, customize, and test your applications.
About Predictive analytics:
Analyze current and historical data to make predictions.
About Speech and Empathy:
Speech and empathy is the process of modeling speech and emotion in an artificial intelligence system.
About Web development:
Use open-standards technologies to build modern web apps.
About Zero trust:
Zero trust security is a model and plan that uses context to securely connect the right users to the right data at the right time under the right conditions, while also protecting your organization from cyber threats.
#############
Analytics - Uncover insights with data collection, organization, and analysis.
Artificial intelligence - Next generation resources for AI builders to create trusted solutions
Blockchain - Start developing with blockchain technologies
Containers - Automate the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.
Conversational AI - Build voice and text chatbots that can understand what users are asking.
Data management - Collect, access, and maintain data to drive value
Data privacy - Use personal and sensitive information responsibly.
Data science - Analyze structured and unstructured data to extract knowledge and insights.
Data storage - Record and preserve digital information.
Databases - Capture, store, analyze, and manage collections of data.
Deep learning Create, train, and deploy self-learning models.
Embeddable AI Enhance your applications with IBM embeddable AI.
Front-end development Tools and knowledge you need to develop frontend websites and applications.
Geolocation The geographical location of a connected device.
IoT - Create value and gain insight through interconnected devices.
IT Infrastructure Manage and support computers, servers, storage systems, operating systems, networking, and more.
Linux The open source operating system that runs the world.
Machine Learning Teach systems to learn without them being explicitly programmed.
Mainframes High-performance computers that process billions of transactions in real time.
Messaging Communicate between systems by exchanging messages.
Mobile development Develop applications — mobile apps or web apps — for any kind of mobile device.
Mobile development Develop applications — mobile apps or web apps — for any kind of mobile device.
Natural language processing Build apps that can interpret unstructured data and analyze insights.
Platform as a service Develop and manage applications without creating your own infrastructure.
Predictive analytics Analyze current and historical data to make predictions.
Speech and Empathy Develop apps that detect feelings and respond accordingly.
Web development Use open-standards technologies to build modern web apps.
Zero trust Increased cyber resiliency with threat management and identity management

https://libimobiledevice.org/

Native Protocols:
The library implements the native protocols needed to communicate with services running on iOS devices. Due to the reimplemention it does not depend on using or bundling any existing libraries from Apple.

Cross-Platform:
The C programming language enables cross-platform use of the library. It has already been built and run on  Linux,  Mac,  Windows,  Android and embedded  ARM SoCs.

Architecture:
The architecture of the library and dependencies has been designed with an OOP approach in mind. Thus bindings for other programming languages are easier to create and allow an OOP based API.

Motivation:
Linux enthusiasts were not amused about great but incompatible hardware like the iPhone 2G. As iTunes was not available for Linux libiphone was born. This became libimobiledevice with the goal to bring freedom and "allow penguins to talk to fruits".

Command-Line:
Many command-line utilities come bundled with the library that allow interacting with iOS device services already. This covers retrieving basic device information up to restoring official firmware images.

Network Support:
Devices that have "Wifi Sync" enabled can be accessed wirelessly and do not require a wired USB connection anymore with iOS 11 and later.

http://neevo.net/
IT CONSULTING
THE IDEAL PROFESSIONAL IT SUPPORT:
Today's business climate demands your IT systems operate efficiently, are highly secure, and be online 24 hours a day.

Viix provides integrated IT support and network design services that allow your company to maintain peak levels of performance and productivity while maintaining security.

Years of Research:
Due to being in development since 2007 the library supports the range from the first to the latest iOS device. This is an achievement of many years of research and development.

Scalability:
Being integrated by popular community projects as well as large implementations which interact with more than 10.000+ of devices provide a good reference point for high scalability and efficiency of this solution.

All about IT:
Our certified IT technicians and computer engineers excel with design, deployment, and maintaining communications systems. From implementing new data management systems to upgrading security standards, we can handle all your IT needs.

Integrated Services:
Project Consulting
Security Assessments
Implementation
Network Design
Capacity Planning
Equipment Upgrades
Customer Service
Reliability and convenience are two parts of our customer services commitment. Remote and on-site services ensure you receive optimal service.

Customer Solutions:
A constantly problematic network is of little benefit to anyone. Because our reputation is important to us, we will only recommend tested and proven components for use in our network systems. Viix has and always will keep our Customer's Best Interest in mind by recommending the most inexpensive solution without compromising the dependability and performance of the network.

Added Resources:
Server Management
IT Analysis
Backup Solutions

Effective Operating Principles:
Our mission and business philosophy is simple. We listen and take note of your needs, define our role, and visualize the solutions. This process allows us to implement flexible and effective processes and conquer ever-evolving challenges in business and communications.
Staying ahead of the curve is the key to success in today's business world. We make sure to keep our eye on changes and elevations in technology, as that is what keeps us current and your company competitive.

